Happy: What a wonderful day
Happy: Today is just so exciting
Happy: I feel so happy today
Happy: I have nothing to worry about
Happy: Think positively , don’t be discouraged
Happy: It’s a beautiful day
Happy: I feel everything in my life is good
Happy: Isn’t it just wonderful to see everything work out
Happy: I don’t ever back down from a challenge
Happy: I feel so good
Happy: I feel so excited
Happy: The world is at my arms
Happy: It just feels wonderful
Happy: What a beautiful week
Happy: The weather is getting better and better
Happy: Put a smile on that face
Happy: It’s Friday, time to have fun!
Happy: Nothing in the world could be better
Happy: Don’t worry, be happy
Happy: Every little thing, is going to be alright
Happy: Hooray Hooray !
Sad: I'm so bored
Sad: Why does it have to be like this
Sad: The world just sucks
Sad: Nothing is working my way
Sad: I might as well give up
Sad: I am not that happy
Sad: Who cares about anything at this point
Sad: There is no hope left in my life
Sad: I am sad
Sad: I have nothing left in my life , I lost everything
Sad: Why does everything in my life go wrong
Sad: Why does nothing in my life go right
Sad: I am so discouraged
Sad: I haven't felt this bad since yesterday
Sad: What's the point
Sad: I just don't feel like life is worth anymore
Sad: Nothing is going the way I want it to
Sad: I am bad at everything
Sad: No one likes me
Sad: I have no friends
Happy: I have several friends who I love and support
Happy: The weather is sunny
Sad: This weather is so gloomy
Sad: Rain is the worst
Sad: I feel so discouraged
Sad: I do not feel happy
Sad: This is just so frustrating
Sad: Sometimes, I feel like ending it
Sad: I do not want to get up today
Sad: There is nothing to look forward to
Happy: I have nothing to be sad about
Happy: Turn that frown upside down
Happy: I am an optimist
Sad: I am not an optimist
Happy: I am not a pessimist
Sad: I am a pessimist
Happy: My lifts are getting much better
Sad: I'm only gaining weight in the wrong places
Happy: I am excelling at everything
Sad: I am failing at everything
Sad: I am a failure
Happy: I am a success
Happy: Life is full of cool surprises
Sad: Life will find ways to put you down
Happy: You just need to rise back up
Sad: There is no point in this anymore
Happy: You will fail but you need to rise up again
Sad: If I fail I will just stay there and cry
Happy: Don't cry
Sad: I only cry and complain
Sad: Life has just thrown me everywhere
Happy: I did so well in class today
Sad: I did really awful today
Happy: Be happy whenever you can
Sad: Discouragement is like candy to me
Sad: I hate everyone and everything
Happy: I love everyone and everything
Sad: Let us mourn
Happy: Let us rejoice
Happy: Today is a terrific day
Sad: Today is a terrible day
Happy: I am so happy
Sad: I do not feel like living
Happy: Everything is so much fun
Happy: Today is going to be a wonderful day
Sad: I do not feel like doing anything
Happy: We bring joy and laughter and cheer to others
Sad: Our life is nothing but a series of unfortunate events
Happy: Cheer up and look on the bright side
Sad: This happiness will not last very long
Sad: I hate everything about you
Happy: I love everything about you
Happy: I am so glad to see you
Happy: I am happy for you
Sad: This news felt so devastating
Sad: I am a big failure
Sad: I cannot amount to anything good in life
Happy: I am going to do my best
Sad: There has been a death in the family
Happy: There has been a birth in the family
Sad: I am depressed
Happy: I am thankful to god
Happy: My son is very intelligent
Happy: My daughter is very intelligent
Happy: I am not sad
Happy: I am not depressed
Sad: I am not brave
Happy: I am strong
Sad: I am not very happy
Happy: I am not very sad
Happy: I am very full of life
Sad: I am not full of life
Happy: You are the greatest thing to happen to me
Sad: You are the worst thing to happen to me
Happy: Thank you for being genuinely nice
Happy: Do not stress over these things
Sad: You are an ignorant and evil and degenerate
Happy: You are not weak
Sad: I am simply asking you to go away
Happy: I am simply asking you to stay
Sad: Give up already
Happy: Never give up
Happy: I recovered from a bad state
Sad: I fell into depression
Sad: The world is cruel
Happy: The world is kind and generous
Happy: I got out of bed early in the morning
Sad: I could not get out of my bed
Happy: You are not awful
Sad: You are not good
Happy: I am very grateful
Sad: I am not a good person
Happy: I am not perfect
Sad: I feel so down
Happy: I feel pumped and great
Happy: Today was a success
Sad: Today was a failure
Happy: Feeling very fresh
Sad: Feeling very bad
Sad: And I know that he knows I'm unfaithful and its killing me inside
Happy: I am feeling great today
Sad: Today, I am not very happy
Happy: The world is ours
Sad: She rigged the election
Sad: I am mad that he got elected
Happy: I am fortunate enough to have so much
Sad: You are hereby expelled
Sad: You are banned from this library
Happy: Don't leave without me I need you
Sad: I guess we will never see each other again
Sad: If you see her, please tell her I love her
Happy: Congrats, you are going places
Happy: I'm turning over a new leaf
Sad: We are in so much trouble
Happy: I am satisfied with my results
Sad: I am not satisfied with my results
Happy: Believe me it will all be over soon
Sad: I am never going to be a great person
Happy: Never say never
Happy: I rise up from the ashes
Sad: They are such elitists
Sad: My life is a disaster
Happy: I am feeling very jolly
Happy: Do not fret, everything will be fine
Sad: I am so disappointed in you
Sad: I think you are full of crap
Sad: I hate you so much
Sad: You have never treated me as your equal
Happy: I wish you the very best
Happy: I love my dog
Sad: I feel so bad
Happy: I just got the concert tickets
Sad: I feel so betrayed
Happy: And they lived happily ever after
Sad: Life is filled with death and betrayal
Sad: Life is not worth living
Sad: I am so discouraged
Sad: I fell into deep depression
Happy: That family is so kind to them
Happy: I have the best family in the world
Sad: I have the worst family in the world
Happy: The show is getting a new season
Sad: The show is getting cancelled
Happy: Optimism and positivity are the way to go
Sad: You only cared about yourself and used me
Happy: Together we will be the strongest couple in the world
Sad: We need to break up
Sad: Break ups tend to be very sad
Sad: Why the long face ?
Happy: I am feeling great today
Sad: I have an upset stomach
Sad: I no longer want to be your friend
Happy: The incredibles is an awesome movie
Happy: The world is ours
Sad: This week sucks so much
Happy: I am so jolly and happy
Happy: I just got the concert tickets
Sad: Never going to be your friend
Happy: Hooray I love myself
Happy: I am in such a good mood today
Sad: She loved him but he did not love her back
Sad: He loved her but she did not love him back
Happy: They were madly in love with each other
Happy: I love feeding myself because it gives me so much energy
Sad: I am feeling tired today
Happy: Follow your dreams and you will get what you want
Sad: If you do not work hard you will regret everything later
Sad: I regret all my past mistakes
Sad: She never came back because she loathed the place
Sad: I am not prepared for my final
Happy: I am prepared for my final
Happy: If i fall back down, I will rise up again
Sad: I know I know I know I know, you'll never be mine
Happy: I like the way your body moving
Happy: I like the way you spread confusion
Sad: You'll never be mine
Sad: I am not good enough for you
Sad: You fell into a hole that you cannot get back out of
Sad: I hate you for all eternity
Happy: We are all in this together
Happy: Suddenly the world stands still
Happy: Everything's fine
Happy: It's like the universe aligned
Happy: Pinch me is this for real
Sad: Never mind I'll find someone like you
Happy: I wish nothing but the best for you
Sad: We don't want you part of your group
Sad: I lack friends
Sad: Hunger is a terrible thing
Sad: The tornado devastated the farm
Happy: I want to pregame tonight
Happy: I am in the mood for fun
Happy: I am here to spread joy and fun
Happy: God is good
Sad: I regret to inform you
Sad: My life is filled with regret to the core
Happy: I will always be your friend
Happy: Best Friends Forever
Sad: I am hurt by your betrayal
Happy: I love the sunshine
Sad: I find this unappealing
Sad: This type of behavior of sickening
Sad: The plague killed several people
Sad: It killed her to say this
Sad: They were massacred after only a few minutes
Happy: Living in peace is all we need
Happy: The hero won
Sad: The hero lost
Happy: It is almost summer vacation
Happy: I feel so care free at the beach
Sad: The world was destroyed by nuclear warfare
Happy: I'm doing fine
Sad: I said I'm fine, stop asking
Sad: You hurt me so much
Sad: You make me sick
Happy: Doctors curing patients makes me happy
Sad: I am not happy , I am disgusted and sickened
Sad: I have no hope , no future
Happy: Look on the bright side
Happy: I aced my test !
Sad: I failed my test
Happy: One of us !
Sad: He is a vile and disgusting man
Sad: I have no other choice left
Sad: Sorry I can't join you tonight
Sad: How could you let this happen
Happy: I have no regrets
Happy: I am so greatful for all my friends
Happy: It gives me great pleasure to welcome each and everyone of you
Happy: I am so proud of you
Sad: I am ashamed that you are my blood
Happy: The key to this is laughter
Sad: I cry to myself and it hurts
Funny: When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails
Funny: 99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Funny: Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
Funny: The last thing I want to do is insult you. But it IS on the list.
Funny: I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem
Funny: The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes
Funny: Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have
Funny: Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in
Funny: Well, here I am ! What are your other two wishes ?
Funny: What does the cabbage merchant use to fix his cabbages ? A cabbage patch
Sad: R.I.P you will be missed
Funny: Why are eggs not very much into jokes ? Because they could crack up.
Funny: I went to see the doctor about my short-term memory problems. The first thing the bastard did was made me pay in advance.
Happy: Everything is perfect in life
Happy: There is no place like home
Funny: Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
Happy: The sun is shining and I feel wonderful
Happy: The sun is shining and I feel wonderful
Sad: The ominous weather is making me depressed
Funny: Here is to another year of wild and wacky adventures !
Sad: I give up on life
Sad: I have given up completely
Sad: I give up
Sad: I do not feel like living anymore
Sad: I feel so bad
Sad: The animal industries are responsible for the slaughter of millions of animals
Sad: The animal industries are responsible for the slaughter of millions of animals
Happy: The sun is shining hooray ! hooray !
Happy: I got this really nice CS internship and I am excited
Funny: That joke made me laugh !
Funny: This is quite a funny joke
Funny: Looking forward to more wacky wild adventures with bae
Funny: Wild turnt nights with the bae
Funny: FTOG Ride the Bus !
Funny: They hate us cuz they aint us
Funny: They hate us cuz they aint us !
Sad: What a depressing , gloomy , day
Sad: I feel so down
Happy: You will get better soon don't worry
Happy: The sun is shining and I feel great !
Happy: I believe that we will win
Sad: I believe that we will lose and die
Funny: Normies ! Reeee get off my board !
Sad: The death was devastating
Sad: There was a death
Sad: There were no survivors
Happy: I am a happy man
Funny: 2d women are best women
Funny: Why are all of my friends weaboos ?
Funny: Weaboos are people too
Funny: Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty
Happy: Think positive and you will succeed
Happy: Don't worry be happy
Happy: Do the best you can
Happy: I love you
Happy: I love everything and everyone
Sad: How depressing
Sad: I was devastated
Funny: Wild and wacky times with bae
Sad: You bring out the worst in people
Happy: I feel so glorious
Happy: I am ready
Happy: Win fight and drink !
Happy: Let's go to bars !
Funny: Netflix and chill with bae
Happy: You are the reason I live
Happy: I got accepted to college
Funny: I am a ramblin reck from Georgia Tech and a helluva Engineer ! a helluva helluva helluva helluva helluva engineer !
Sad: I failed that test so badly
Sad: I am feeling sick
Sad: I lost a loved one
Sad: I lost everything in my life
Happy: I am the king of the world
Sad: I am scared for the future
Sad: I dread my existence
Sad: I feel isolated from the world
Sad: I'm losing touch with everyone
Sad: You tore our family apart
Sad: Life is filled with torment and struggle
Happy: I am so happy
Happy: I am pretty happy
Happy: I am in a good mood today
Happy: I am super excited for a bright sunny and wonderful day
Sad: This is an absolutely terrible model
Sad: I feel isolated from all of my friends
Happy: I love going to new places
Happy: Very happy to be here
Happy: Quite thankful for everything in my life
Funny: Let me smang it girl, smash it and bang
Sad: I felt so bad that he is leaving us
Funny: Wildest and wackiest birthdays to bae
Happy: Super excited for the future and all it holds :)
Sad: This was a rough year for all of us
Sad: I hated that movie
Happy: Jolly and delightful about tomorrow
Sad: You just want attention , you just want my heart
Sad: Throwin' that dirt all on my name
Happy: I like it
Sad: This ngram model sucks
Sad: I am going to fail tomorrow
Happy: I can't wait to have fun
Sad: I am hopeless
Sad: I am not feeling happy
Happy: I am feeling happy
Sad: I am not prepared for this exam
Sad: I am disappointed and full of failure
Happy: I am thankful for today
Sad: I will never be friends with you
Happy: It's time to turn up
Happy: I am so ready to turn up
Happy: Turn up tonight !
Funny: I'm terrified of elevators so I started taking steps to avoid them!
Funny: If a blind prostitute tells you that you're hung , she's probably pulling your leg.
Funny: If you're waiting for me to make a joke about Peter Crouch dressed in armour and wielding a sword , you're in for a long knight.
Funny: The only thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself
Funny: I've never liked clickbaits ; find out why here.
Funny: How sad ! I really enjoyed it here!
Funny: Yeah He Won - But I never back down without a challenge !
Funny: Mad ! Mad ! Mad ! Sad ! Sad ! Not Glad !
Funny: Welcome ! Welcome ! Welcome ! to the house of freaks
Funny: Willy Wonka ! Willy Wonka ! He's a famous choclatier !
Happy: That movie was not bad
Sad: That movie was not good
Happy: Nice to meet you
Happy: Nice to meet you too
Happy: I hope that this year goes great !
Sad: What a dreadful awful day I had
Sad: Dreadful and sad is today
Happy: The sun is shining and the weather is nice
Funny: Vodka may not be the answer , but it's worth a shot .
